hey hello I 'm expressing something again
What's up with guild wars 2 ?
show for my cave
I hope the form of one
quality settings to everything great
is working
We are here and south of Löwenstein
Do not hesitate, we will go through here
they make the quest is the area
Bloodstream coast 45 to 55
we are little secret that is
Just show me where I needed it
Stone as a cool thing on the storm
cliffs islands
Let's start north and here is one
craft points and from there shows
now just
Of course, it starts off great
event
but no matter because shit now just
on it because I'm here in a portal
the raging reporter asset and easy
sometimes just here which you can see the
In any case, the event is running
then one can also nice to
killing types if you have not already
then you just go
Continue straight ahead with ted com
as you can see I am level 55 right now
actually it gets a bit too high
but it is always very pleasant
so here at the end you will find a port of
I also said interest oh
come so confused that they have a portal
the portal went through
Now you can enter an instance
the holy hall of secrets and
As you can see there is a single point
of interest and that's it
cool thing is that here are
somehow so many people and here
friendly people jump out of left
jump out around when the
are friendly
but here she goes maybe she is
later still I do not know much
too much I found her cool all over
secrets and if you can too
talk to the people and so and help
you test them so weird a huge
earth in the world that is not honest
earth is every guy is facing the
south portal tells me you come him
scream and up here is a roller
this is the name of the valent war before the
planet and these are not to the wall
said you are not in the order and soja
Do you want to get angry or should not I?
once over away namely smooth as well
here on the right as on the left there is the
point of interest but you can get there
not there so I know now
at least with 550 serenade and yes he
just go times back here
and just at that moment drove
has run against this has the
Point of interest for me activated and
has the whole area discovered something cool
then I got a chest and
opened with this troupe and has
My 8000 experience is easy
so free of charge because I just stop it all
i have discovered territory
then the tour got no was no
item in it or something just just
the 8000 experience but then I just
thought that is a very good thing
limited here if not impassable
should happen well but as I said
that was enough for us we have 8000
get experience and when we get out of there
went
bergkamen people shows it is easy times
that made me really short
video but that's just right
re-upload and yes I will have fun
until then and now there are still like me
look of color smells a bit
funny
yes that was it then